I'm taking a look at the listener file back inside of our Nats test project.
You'll recall that inside of here we said that any time that our process was about to be stopped, either
by an interrupt signal or a terminate signal, we tried to close down our client gracefully.
So we would call stand close.
The client would then attempt to close.
Once it did close, it would emit the close event.
So we captured that close event.
We said, okay, the thing has been cleaned up successfully, and then we actually exited our process.
So we're going to do something very similar back inside of our ticketing project as well.
So let me first show you one way that we could implement this.
This is not the good way to do it.
It's not the right way.
I just want to point out some issues and I'm going to show it to you, because this might be something
that you would do on your own.
So I'm going to take stand on clothes right here.
I'm going to copy it.
Go back over to Nat's wrapper.
I'm going to find the Kinect function.
And then right after that, I'm going to paste in that stand on clothes.
I do have to change, Stan, to this underscore client, of course.
I'm also going to go back to listener.
I'm going to take the two processed on statements at the bottom.
Copy those.
Pull it back over to Nat's wrapper and paste them right underneath.
And then once again, I'll update stand to this underscore client and I'm going to put a exclamation
or alternatively, we could just do this client.
That'd be a better way of doing this.
Okay.
So this right here would definitely work.
This would make sure that after we connect, we then attempt to capture any close event.
And once we capture it, we're going to make sure we do a console.log, say, hey, everything was shut
down successfully and then exit.
And we also set up two listeners on the process to make sure there's ever an interrupt or a terminate.
We are going to go ahead and close everything down.
So this would definitely work without a doubt, but we do not want to do this.
The reason why is that we have some method inside of here that is buried inside of some class, inside
of our project that can possibly cause our entire process to exit entirely.
We do not ever want to have some method inside of some hidden away file that is going to suddenly cause
the entire program to exit.
Definitely bad design right here because we might write this file, we might decide to say put it inside
of our common module and then use it throughout all of our different services.
We would then have some shared library that might cause our program to exit entirely.
Can you imagine what that would be like if Mongoose behaved the same?
If Magus could just suddenly arbitrarily decide to exit your entire program, that would probably not
be super ideal.
So rather than putting code like this hidden away inside of some method, we only ever want to allow
something to exit our entire program from inside of some more central location, such as our index file.
So rather than trying to directly exit from inside of Kinect, we're going to instead put together a
little bit of functionality that's going to allow us to see that the client is attempting to close,
and then we'll do the actual exit command from inside of indexes.
So again, this would work, but not ideal.
So how are we going to fix this?
Well, essentially, we're just going to take the same code, but we're going to write it out inside
of our index file.
So I'm going to cut all that right there.
And then going to go back to indexes.
And then right after our connect statement.
I'm going to paste all that stuff in.
So we do have to repair a couple of references.
I'm going to make sure I update this to.
That's rapper client.
And then I'll update this right here.
Both these this client, both of them should now be at nets repr client like so.
Okay.
So this is much better.
So now inside of a very central location inside of our project, we can see that there is a condition
under which we're going to exit our entire program.
It would be really nice if we could somehow integrate this into our class, because right now, well,
you know, this is some very repetitive logic right here that we're probably going to want to duplicate
between our different services.
But again, it just would not be great form to hide this way inside of some far away file.
So this is now the big question here is how do we actually test this stuff and make sure it's working
as expected?
Well, let me show you how we can test this very easily.
The first thing we're going to do is go back over to our terminal and we are going to restart scaffold.
Now, it's really important that you restart scaffold because if you don't, you're going to run into
some really strange situation.
So I'm going to kill scaffold.
I'm going to see everything deleted.
I'm going to give those pods.
Just a moment.
To get cleaned up.
So it looks like they're all getting terminated.
Yep.
Good enough.
I'll go ahead and then restart scaffold.
So it's going to take a second for everything to come back online.
While that is all booting up.
Oh there's my connected to Nat's right there, by the way.
There's my connect connected to MongoDB and listening on Port 3000.
So everything is now refreshed, all running.
Let's now try to simulate.
Scarf or we're going to try to simulate gnats going down.
We're going to try to just delete the Nets pod entirely.
That is going to cause the client to emit its own close event.
So when that thing gets closed, we should then see the process exit entirely.
So I'm going to go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to find a new terminal window.
I'm going to get a listing of all my pods.
I'm going to find the pod running nets and then do a cube CTL, delete pod, and then put in the name
of that pod.
If I now go back over to the primary scaffold window, I will see eventually a console.log of Nats connection
closed.
Perfect.
And then a couple seconds after that for you, it might take several seconds, might take all of up
to 30 seconds or a minute.
You should eventually see the container start to back up.
So we did successfully kill the process inside there by calling process exit.
So we exited the process.
Behind the scenes, the pod running our container saw that the primary process of our container exited
the pod, then automatically decided to restart the container inside there.
So it restarted the container and that's why we are seeing brand new output right here.
From TS?
A.F. We can probably also confirm that the container inside that pod was restarted if we do another
K or cube CTL.
Get pods and now we'll see that our tickets deployment right there has had one restart.
That restart is because we lost our connection to nets.
All right.
So let's say this is looking pretty good.
We are going to exit our process entirely any time that we lose our connection to Nats.
That is definitely something we want.
We are also going to make sure that any time that we get this interrupt signal or terminate signal,
we're going to close down the client manually as well.
So this looks pretty great.
Let's take a pause right here.
We still also have to test and make sure that whenever we create a new ticket, we publish an event
as well.
So still a little bit of stuff for us to do.